but we hold the polarity so everybody
follow that everybody's blank if you
don't understand speak I'm easy to talk
to okay we hold the polarity of war we
war with ourselves before with each
other we work with other countries this
doesn't exist on a lot of other planets
we're very unique in that way okay I'm
going to assume that you all now there
are 140 100 Ryan group members here as
well
there are also 17 extraterrestrials from
Cirrus B now how many are familiar how
many of you are familiar with the
Montauk Information Montauk Project time
travel funded back ok according to the
Andromeda that technology was given to
our government by the Syrians on sirius
a sirius b just because they fly around
on these really opossums patience
doesn't mean that they have they come
from an unconditional love space we will
all be awed by the technology
do not be awed by the beings that are
flying it
do not they are absolutely no better
than you they're just not because as
souls who were all created at the same
time we're just on different levels on
an evolutionary scale in the physical
but on a soul level for all the same
okay that's important please because in
the next five years
you're going to have absolute proof any
questions so far
excellent excellent question okay
our government No
let me start with world war two actually
it will start the 1930s
and there is a world government he
controls all of our lives through the
media militarily and of course leave
anything money because they've got us
all believing we have to have money to
survive and that's a belief system we're
all participating okay you've got
essentially the proponents I'll just put
Drax are short believe that this planet
and this solar system belongs to them
because they were the first to chart it
they also believe that because they were
the first to chart our planet that they
owned the planet that everything else on
it but right now is us underneath them
is the Orion's they did the dirty work
for the Drax there is a hierarchy just
like in any government there's a
hierarchy even the dark forces are
organized in a hierarchy in a
hierarchical government underneath that
one many different groups but we'll deal
specifically with the greys because
that's how we're dealing with the greys
were the first to make contact with our
government our government however the
greys in 1931 also made contact before
the main content with our government
with the Germans with the Nazis but the
Germans told them go away we're already
in contact with extraterrestrials and
those extraterrestrials were the keys
and intelligence everybody know who they
are
there were a renegade group of
Pleiadians who believed in the Aryan
philosophy of which to us most of our
lineages the white race being superior
to all the others
okay that's where that that's where that
was born out okay
extraterrestrial that's where team from
everything we've everything we
personally know about ourselves we've
been taught